update collect-columns (#36)
biowdl/expression-quantification: CHANGELOG.md

that users understand how the changes affect the new version.
-->

version 1.4.0-dev
-----------------
+ When multiple TPM/FPKM values are returned for a single gene by 

>   stringtie, then these will now be added together in the multi-sample

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  stringtie, they will now be added together in the multi-sample
```

>   expression tables. Previously one the last value encountered would be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  expression tables. Previously only the last value encountered would be
```
